this whole hostage situation
with the North
to win the presidential election?
That's right.
My God…
I was just ordered
to have Professor Han defect to the North.
I didn't come here to kill you
or hold you hostage here.
While being chased unexpectedly,
I ended up holding you hostage.
Do you expect us to believe that?
You pointed a gun at us and held us down.
We were so scared.
And it was so hard for us.
-She's right!
-I agree!
This is ridiculous!
What kind of nonsense is this?
"Take down the communist party.
Defeat the Northern army!"
This is the slogan we learned. There's
no way our government would do that!
I know it's absurd and hard to believe,
but it is true.
I had no idea and escaped without
the spies knowing yesterday afternoon
to have the SWAT team
break in to save you.
But they shot at me.
-What?
-What's he talking about?
They shot at you, an ally?
What did he say?
My God.
They're capable
of much worse things than this.
My cousin was a member
of the labor union at his work.
He was dragged
to the re-education camp and died.
They don't hesitate to kill
people who cross them.
Of course they're capable of this.
Whatever.
Whether it's true or not,
what's that have to do with me?
Release me right now. I have to study.
The bar exam is soon!
-Is she serious?
-Quiet!
You have no idea how serious this is.
It's not the time to be selfish.
If anything goes wrong,
the ANSP will kill us
as well as the spies.
If they can win the election,
30 people's lives?
It's nothing to the ANSP.
All right.
I'll be straightforward.
So are you saying if we escape this place,
they're going to shoot at us
just like they did at him?
I hope such a thing won't happen.
But it might happen,
so I'm saying we should protect ourselves.
The South or the North,
the higher-ups don't give a damn
about our lives right now.
We have eight days left now.
Eight days until the election.
Mr. Lee and I will find
a way for us to get out alive until then.
As of this moment,
you're free to do whatever you want
within the dorm.
Don't forget that
every entrance and exit is booby-trapped.
I know it's hard for all of you,
but we must work together
if we're going to beat them.
I hope no one will try
to escape alone to save their skin.
I think you should supervise
the students from now on, Ms. Pi.
Hold on.
There's someone we need to punish first.
Bun-ok has a gun.
The doctor's underling
has been tormenting us.
The Gizzard joined the spies' side!
That b**** pointed a gun at us!
Hye-ryeong.
Ms. Pi already knows.
She knows?
She's still going to let her be?
Ms. Pi, you really know what she did?
This is way worse than stealing!
This is not right!
Everyone, be quiet and sit down.
Starting tonight, you'll sleep
in the rooms on the second floor.
Those who don't have roommates,
Gather in groups of four.
I'll sleep in my room.